2011 was like kind of a mad year, right?
Because everybody thought that there was
going to be this big economic recovery.
So my job was basically to bet on is the
economy going to be strong or is the
economy going to be weak. During 2008,
the the newspapers were the same. We're
going to have a massive bounce back.
2009, 2010, and every single year I
worked there. 2008,
I saw them predict recovery didn't
happen in 2009. 2009 again, same thing.
2010 again, same thing. So by 2011, I'd
seen like three successive years of next
year things will be good and things not
being good.
And I became obsessed like this was
going to be my edge. I'm going to be the
guy that works out why the economy is
actually weak. And I came to this
conclusion that basically we have this
structural crisis of growing wealth
inequality. The middle class, the
working class are getting squeezed out.
The rich are accumulating it. And I
realized straight away that's going to
get worse forever. And that that was how
I made my big money. Basically, I
realized in 2011 that the economy for at
least for ordinary people would get
worse forever.